Precision on the timerange saved for a Log Management Saved View (#10172)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/explorer/saved_views.md

Technically, a Saved View keeps track of:

> - A [search query][3] along with its timerange. Note that the Saved View is meant to track live timeranges (past hour, past week...) and fixed timeranges are converted as such on save. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [search query][3] along with its time range. **Note**: Saved View is meant to track live time ranges (such as past hour, or past week) and fixed time ranges are converted as such on save. 
```

> - A [search query][3] along with its timerange. Note that the Saved View is meant to track live timeranges (past hour, past week...) and fixed timeranges are converted as such on save. 

Reviewer: Since we're adding a period to this first bullet point and making it a complete sentence, we need to do the same to the following bullet points for consistency in style.

> - A customized default visualization ([log stream][4], [log patterns][5], or [log analytics][6] along with their specific visualization properties)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A customized default visualization ([log stream][4], [log patterns][5], or [log analytics][6] along with their specific visualization properties).
```

> - A [selected subset of facets][1] to be displayed in the facet list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [selected subset of facets][1] to be displayed in the facet list.
```
